'Yeah, I'm playing with myself. Not like that, NOT LIKE THAT!'
 yeet 
GUYS WE HAVE A POOL.
'Has there been a murder, please say it was a murder.'
Kyoko and I were experimenting with each other... NOT LIKE THAT.
'there's a pit in the way, it's a BIG HOLE!'
“always go the opposite direction from what an ufo tells you”
'Thats how you Bring a Waifu, To Laifu!' - LoganRobo 2021.
'I dont know how to add quotes zach...' -LoganRobo 2021
'Give me drugs! Give me drugs Little robot!!'-Loganrobo2021
'Lets save Princess Byakuya! And his Nipples!' -LoganRobo 2021
there once was a murder bear named Logan. and always had love unspoken. He Ran over Rouk, because of that look, he spoke to his true love EXPLOSION!!
'Violence is not ok unless its a kid' shuichi probably -VeroMyBeloved
If I see a hole I want to go into it. - Logan 2021
'It's Stick's twin brother, Stock!' - Logan, 2021
Waste not want not, let's eat that guy! LoganRobo
NEVER TRUST A GIRL!
This is a family friendly stream we don't want Boobies of any kind! -LoRo
*Murders a guy* ... I probably should've tried talking to him first.
'I did not mean to murder someone... this time'
'I'm Logan Suzuki, the Ultimate Improvisor! I once had a girlfriend...'
'I think we left off just before we PRESSED HER HARD'
' every person accused of any crime is considered guilty until proven innocent.' edgeworth probably --veromybeloved
That's the Flavor or blood 
'I was the witness to a drunk driving incident... IT WAS FUN' LoganRobo 2021
'Bro, have you ever wondered what its like to have the ORIGINAL samurai dog in your mouth' -Larry Butz -ClamRm
'I cut myself while doing murders, that's the ticket' -Logan confessing as Lana
'Stop eating pickles from strangers! Didn't they teach you that in school?' Logan to a teenage character.
'I'm merely facilitating child murder' - Logan, 2021
'We will take turns doing Damiens.' Logan 2022
'This isn't Whimsical murder, this is dark Murder' LoganRobo 2022
'it's like playing Russian Roulette when you shout me out' Logan 2020, too
It is really hard for me to be afraid of him with those NICELY cut sandwiches behind him. -Zdiggidy 2020 Too
Someone quote that!
'Get out of here, chubby Abe Lincoln!'
'I am confused and a little bit dumb'
'stay away whor- wh- hor- HORSE.' -logan
'why are we here? just to suffer?'-Probably Logan,2022
So much URINE FOG! --- LoganRobo 2022
 'A flower crown is just a better onion ring' - Logan 2023  
flower crown is just a better onion ring' - Logan [yes this was quoted twice so im gonna put the transformers animated intro here] Transformers! More then meets the eye! Transformers! Robots in disguise! Autobots wage their battle to destroy... the evil forces of... The Decepticons! Transformers! More then they appear! Transformers! Justice, bolts, and gears! Autobots wage their battle to destroy... The evil forces of... The Decepticons! Transformers! Transformers!
'Is that not the best thing ever - to befriend a topless lady' Logan, April 2023
'Nobody told me I was going to have to guide babies through bear traps!
Rat Vomit is harder in the dark. -LOGAN ROBO 2023
'Poop before you see sharks' Logan -2023
'I can't even tell what is a face and what's just... fire. Ok, that's a face' Logan Legend of Zelda TOTK
'We're at the final boss and I am still learning basic controls to this game?'
'In anime, people are allowed one murder. Even one at least' - Logan, 2023
'We should have ripped his face off, just for funsies'
Yuma is very kidnappable
Senpai... Senpai.... SENPAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Why does this game refuse to objectify me?'
'WHY AREN'T YOU EATING ME'
'WHEN IN DOUBT, LET A RAT OUT!'
'I've always wanted to be flushed down the toilet'
I am a better and more well-rounded individual because I hurt Leon.... and that's what life is all about
TAKE ONE FOR THE TEAM! RAT!
'''why must you hurt women logan :(
'' - objectionablepuzzles 2023'
Yeah! It was not a suicide.
Sonic the Hedgehog's crotch!
'I know what's a boobjob, it's when a boob decides it needs it's own income' LoganRobo
'just start making babies!'
I thought we were only talking about the D
'I feel like real babies would be WEAK against ice. We're going to ice the baby!'
'HE LOVES B-'
'the neck is the mightiest of all fingers'
 he's like 'hey, babe! aint it funny that we use a base 10 number system instead of a base 8? Licky-lick lick licky 
'Sadly you only get a clothed apron'
'if you cant freeze a baby you can at least stab the baby'
'I HATE THE BEETLES. I FREAKING HATE THE BEATLES!!! the band is fine I just hate those beetles'
'heh heh breast, hehe butt'
'don't drink rubbing alcohol, don't kick puppies and run with your toes raised'
 'we get to hang out with our online groomer!' 
'screw the game'
'Me? I never get stiff!'
 'those are the kind of friends with benefit I like. The friends who give me snacks and neckrubs!'
'i wish women were real'
'you can have a waifu or a guyfu! we should call them guyfus instead of husbandos'
'it's not stalking you, she's just dating you without your knowledge yet'
'and as always first clip of the night takes longer than subsequent ones will'
'old man tsundere, I like that, I dig it!'
'I mean, try to snuggle with an eyeball!'
'that's a very well-defined butt on that thing'
'Oh, an underground military base. Okay, that's better than poop water!'
'buff me, buff me girl, buff me now!!'
'Summer is the best time for pooping on the sidewalk outside!!'
'Der, I'm a dumb! Der! Der! Der!' -Logan
'afaik Apollo isn't a mormon' -NeonF1sh
'Doesn't every little kid get 1 murder?'
'now we need to tell the girls, right? so he can smash their melons next'
 'I'm saving myself for marriage before I have takoyaki' 
'It's fun to be mean to a child'
'we need to give this kid a gun'
'exploit me, sir!'
'STOP ICING MY DOG'
 'i don't think it's fair to call him a monster just cause he's a murderer'
'you deserve to get away with myurder'
'sometimes girls get excited by... irons'
'you guys like it when i'm in pain'
'All you have to do is overreact to the sight of blood and he gets the ladies!~'
'WE WILL TEACH THEM TO LOVE THE FRENCH!! AND A ROBOT!!'
'There's blue light coming out of my butt. That means shadows fear me!'
'We should not pop open the cat when we find it.'
 'I hope their hearts say hbub' 
'HOW MANY MOON ROCKS DO YOU HAVE LAYING AROUND BRO???!?'
'Trucy just shows the hostage-takers her panties.'
'no one told me bad guys have boobs!'
'it gotta be nice to hangout with a dying guy if you have commitment issues'
'Let your bro ease your blue bubbles'
'I want the child to die, what is wrong with you??!'
'someone out there is a chidori to chat's junpei (LonelyRobo, Logan)' - KrystalWithHajimeBonkers
'You can't execute an endangered species for a little thing like 'human murder'!!!'
' 'I have my methods' her method is murder!'
'hey it's just a dummy! by which I mean it's a stupid kid so it's okay if he's dead.'
'I feel like we're growing closer...even though I dont want to.'
 'Whats that.. uh.. magic reflecting wall erecting. well take my hammer instead! HA' [Persona 3 Reload] 
'I hope she doesn't get used to me saying I do' - Logan (The Lonely Man™) about to reject a girl
'I have the right to reload!'
'This is the most attention I get from a girl. USE ME!! USE AWAY!!' (your relationship with her is becoming more intimate) 'WAIT NO NONOOO NOOOO!!!!!!!'
'hey guys look! its our groomer!' about a woman who might not be the groomer
'any excuse to pop a P(ee) in the microphone'
'ABLEIST!!!!' - yelling at the judge for stopping him from cross examining a literal killer whale
'I have to present THAT evidence. THAT evidence that I already tried to PRESENT that got me STABBED!!!'
'is him a virgin to necrophilia a red flag?' [Logan claims he said, 'his aversion.']
'JUDGE DID YOU NOT SEE THAT??! STOP TALKING ABOUT THE PENG- HE WAS SPLUTTERING BLOOD FROM ORIFICES THAT PEOPLE DONT HAVE!!!!!!!!!'
'I've been staggering our SLAVES'
'Bilge sucking?!!! I ONLY DID IT ONE TIME!!!!'
'It's good to see students not wearing white nationalist shirts'
'Who needs morals when we have designer' Which Logan agreed on. trust me on this -Objectionablepuzzles
' 'Aren't you mister child psychologist?' NO! HE IS MISTER CHILD SOMETHING ELSE!!!'
'I like her! I like her hairstyle! I will forgive her being a Karen' - Is said about a girl with short hair
'WHY IS HE DRESSED LIKE A SCHOOL SHOOTER??!!'
'People aren't plants!' Logan 2024
'Stop crying, say the funny, stop crying!!'
'That's okay, we've already talked to you. You just don't remember it cuz I'm the master of the time stream!'
'Let's go fight the mighty one! we are hearty and we're hale. It may murder us but that's okay cuz QueenKatie is here to chart down my death if that happens'
'Well it might surprise you but I don't have any silky dresses (shrug) I'm sorry... I just- I- but the way it'd sit on me.. It wouldn't be any good...'
'I heard it screaming.. so I had to kill it'
'She probably grew up now. probably got a beard now'
'We've been in this tutorial case for two hours,,, can I go home?'
'How splended, we have things!'
 'You threw a hand grenade on my dog, that wasn't the real deal?' 
'THIS IS HOW WE LIVE! (Jumps to their death)' - objectionablepuzzles
'You ever notice how whenever people do something for the greater good it always involves killing a lot of people. I think if what you're doing involves killing a lot of people. It may not be the greater good!!!!'
'Who is Trucy's lawyer??!!!! Please don't let it be you and Athena, you two are awful'
'ARE YOU A NARUTO???'
'Just dont get addicted to anything white!!'
'We're going to officially draw our first blood against the reaper!' proceeds to struggle
'I look away for like 5 seconds and children just die.'
'I was unaware that doing 'it' lasted only a fade to black...' - @Obsidian0602
'Maan !! getting seduced by Elizabeth has changed you protag'
'Well, it gotta be really sharp to stab an apple. A staple'
'Gurk!! McGurk!!'
'hbub hbub hbub.. knee deep in what...? POOP?! but whose poop was it, Apollo Justice!'
'All Betty wants is to watch somebody die.. Is that so wrong?'
'To tell you the truth, I thought it was kind of creepy, so I was gonna get rid of it. But then I saw him and he was hot! And really the only difference between creepy and romantic is how attractive the person is.
' Hang loose, baby? I do not know why someone would want to hang a baby. But I can only assume that the baby has committed capital offenses'
' 'i just dont know what to do' 'LET'S WATCH SOME TV' '
' logan's choices of video game women are entirely up to him, do the courts give the jester the jokes? no! the clown makes them themself' - @c00kst3r 
'I can't remember if I remembered to or not. It's amazing how often you cant remember if you remember.'
'A hat is nothing but the fashion industry's butt'
'Coffin in the blood-hole'
'It's suspicious..... I'm sorry but it's suspicious if you yell 'Gahh!' '
'I am sorry your virgin eyes have heard awful words'
'(It was close, but we just barely made it through somehow..) Apollo that's every case you've ever been in.. none of you are good at your job.'
' 'You're a real, full-fledged lawyer now in my eyes!' That's right! up until now even though we've been working together for like.. two years I did NOT see you as a lawyer I just saw you as a pretender.. as a HORRIBLE HORRIBLE apprentice good for nothing but to clean the toilet that my daughter poops UPON. THAT'S RIGHT!! she doesn't poop in the toilet. SHE POOPS UPON THEM you've had to CLEAN her STOOL off of the porcelain'
'Oh, she's talking about graduation. Oh, she's in denial...'
Mitsuru: Youre making me doubt myself.. 'GOOD! I doubt you too!'
'I know I'm the little boy that you cursed with a demon inside me when I was little'
'That's code for SMOOCHING.. Or handholding which is just smooching of the palms...cuz you know how people kiss you get that [smooch noise] kind of noise [MWAAH] like that! it's the same thing with palms! you can make the [gross palm farting noise] those kind of noises..that's what's hand-kissing [more palms squishing against eachother noises] sounds like'
 'Yes Ma'am! we're respecters of women. even women murderers!!' 
'I want to examine the crime scene. Not a girl!'
'I'm sorry for saying the PH word!! I practically said the F word'
'I think we have to give Fuuka a redbull'
'Does Satan count as Santa?'
'The evil book wasn't spelling out death. It was spelling out deez nuts!'
'Good thing we didn't talk to her. That would get her hopes up.'
'(Because of you, I have something to aim for!) I said three sentences, bro.'
'he doesn't want cram school! He wants cougar boobs'
'A bullet is really just a tinier truck for an isekai. A truck that goes inside of you and rips your insides apart'
[after hanging out with an rich lady] 'CRAP, I gotta do that two more times... That was a nightmare!'
'His wholesaler is our 10 year old roommate??'
(I'll be waiting) 'Kill you soon. Bye!'
'Aw! look at how happy he is now that I'm gonna kill him!!'
'MARCH 4TH MY ARMY'
'''OFF-SCREEN VIOLENCE!! HypeCheer
'''
'I'm an alleged criminal...But your soul is totally defiled!'
'Let's see if our buds got blue bubs!'
 'We can get close... and closer. AH! and then she disappears! just like real girl I try to get close to' 
'the dog is helping me cheat at board games.'
'Ohh, there's a fork in the road. Let's do some murder first.'
' 'Cuz you know what! Punches are really just the wind of the body... Oh wait crap no that's farts! farts are the wind of the body'
'I've only got a million....I dont think I can afford this.' [it costs 61k]
 'I'm a reb-.....ounding player in basketball who dabbles in knives'
'Crap, we haven't even hung out once, and we've already run out things to talk about!!'
'She's lonely......I suddenly empathize with her!'
 'Oh, my goodness, the testosterone on this rooftop is overflowing!!'
[Deep voice] 'KAAHH!' [Mickey mouse voice] 'How dare you insult my wife!!'
'I'm not going to apologize!!!! bbffttt!! bleeehhh!!!!' [sticking out his tongue and pushing his nose up]
'I THINK THE DEAD MAN JUST DIED'
'Well darn it, should we not have resurrected his girlfriend with flower magic???'
'I know its a little late to be asking this, but have you changed your mind about my confession of love? Or if you still reject my confession of love, would you accept a confession....of lust?'
'I'll just wait for a British- wait, there are no British people cause British people aren't real'
''Just twisting the sausage! like clown girls do. I mean that's why clown girls are popular... they just.. uh.. twist your sausage'
'its the scent of strawberries!! ...and murder'
'What if we die? do we have to, like.. ..weekend at Bernie's the dead person in the group?'
'HOW DARE YOU TRY TO DIE BEFORE I MURDER YOU!!!'
'But...I want to see exploded guts. My father never let me see exploded guts!'
 'Chill, chill. I'm the protagonist here........WHAT HE SAID!!'
'Let's try punching the avatar of destruction!'
[Can you hear them? 'Yeah! Even the dead one!'
'Look at the color on them! that's the.. that's the uno draw four card!!'
'THE PRESENT IS BORING!!! IF YOU WANT TO EXPERIENCE THE PRESENT GO OUTSIDE RIGHT NOW'
'If you're polite when you get someone killed that's not as bad as being mean!'
'she's probably a murderer, but she's a delightful murderer!'
'and yoooou... *squint eyes* fff *face turning red* fffopdoodles *losing it* HANG ON I JUST FOUND OUT MY NEW FAVORITE WORD EVER... you fopdoodles *giggle* in the gallery.. *laughing* ..fopdoodles, I LOVE that!! and you.. fopdoodles in the gallery, that's right! you can't censor me, you're nothing but a [hard F] ffffopdoodles! can't a man watch a trial in peace?! *shakes head in amusement* fopdoodle.. I love this *biggest smile ever* '
'STOP SAYING STIFF'
'I just got water all over myself'
'I'm slowly getting the hang of these mood matrixes' [is on the last game of the Apollo Trilogy]
'YOU CAN BRIBER HER WITH CAKE??? PROTAG WAS BRIBING HER WITH.......HIMSELF!!!'
[And after that, we'll graduate and go to college... then become working adults, I guess?] 'I intend to be a broken adult.'
'GIVE ME THE STOMACH BREAD, VERO!!!!!!'
[I wonder what kind of chemistry we'll be doing as third-years.. I can't wait!] '..you're excited for chemistry? maybe I'm just not excited for chemistry because I've never had chemistry with a gerrrrl'
[One day.. we're gonna go at it again!] 'What does that mean?'
'I can't believe I'm saying this...BUT THANK YOU GROOMER!!'
 'I feel like the orphan is the least important part of that.'
[You look like a hen with a dozen eggs to lay.] 'I look... pregnant???'
'In 3 am there's only one way in my book to stab'
'screw ur courage to the sticking place [frowns in confusion] screw..[looks @ chat in confusion] screw ur courage to the sticking place..SCREW- HEY BLACKQUILL SCREW UR COURAGE! W-WHAT'S SCREW UR COURAGE TO STICK STICKING PLACE? IM ASSUMING THAT MEANS WHERE SCREWS STOP TURNING? CUZ U DON'T WANNA..[vague finger circles]..scrape the end of the screw like.. SCREW UR COURAGE!'
'Let me amend what i said....SCREW YOU, YOU'RE OUR FRIEND!!'
'hey it's me! I'm fine!!! you can't kill me, I'm a princess :D'
 'She was not robot waifu, she was robot just-a-friend-fu' 
'Stop hitting me just cause I'm shooting your face!!'
[If this new power is a sign that I'm drawing closer to life..] 'You're not drawing closer to life!! you're drawing closer to death!'
'Orgy mode'
 'It's submerged in a sea of nudes!!!'
'he just squirted all that air in her face'
STOP DEHUMANIZING GHOSTAGONIST
'And she's fine because she's not a child!'
'I should remember that sometimes orphans can be dangerous'
'NARUTO RU- oh! wait wait wait why aren't we naruto running here? do we only naruto run when we have bloodlust, wh- when we're ready t-to kill a man? let's head on back!'
[Do I look like a doctor to you?] 'I mean you don't look like a lawyer either..'
*sniffles sniffles* 'I'm a murderer.....AND I'm flat!'
'Perfect timing! You just interrupted almost-incest!'
'I mean terrorism is one thing but FIBBING???' 
'These birds are so much nicer than in the first three games' [The mod was tempted to redeem bird noises to this]
'Is that acceptable if we ditch the small child for our bro instead?'
'.......Game is punishing me for doing well!!'
'What was the point of that, if it doesnt make her sad?'
'I forget she has these magic powers....' [about the playable character who has multiple magic powers]
'How can these things hear the sound of a loud gunshot? ...Seems unfair.'
'so great! living in the sewers. you can poop wherever you want'
“I’d be shoving my tongue into that hole all the time”
'I wonder who's telling the truth? The politician or the terrorist?'
'I mean, I guess its reasonable if you find a corpse inside someone's luggage, that person either did a murder or bought a dead guy.....which i think both are illegal.'
'STOP PUTTING YOUR TEXT BOX IN FRONT OF MY HELICOPTER BRO!'
'I am going to imagine it is an adorable, dainty, young lady.....who is shooting us with a mini gun~'
'Oh there we go! Location of the orb changed to....location of the orb!'
'But in his final moments he managed to save his infinite son'
'we came out of this b-hole!'
C'mon touch it, touch my placard'
If you want to see someone naked you should buy them dinner first.
I Thought Murder would solve all our problems 
 It is what it looked like
'BABIES ARE ATTACKING ME!!'
 “guys we gotta shoot yukari… [shoots] you live, yukari.. this time…”
'I'm nobody's big magic daddy.' [followed with chat spam calling him that]
[is this true bliss?] “NO. this is very average”
“maybe this tongue action is another reason why i’m single…”
'I broke my stick 😔'
'Bird says what? Bird says chicken butt, I don't even know' [proceeds to kill two people in panic]
'why do intestines dissolve in water but vegetables don't!?'
'Okay, let's clean the messes, including all the blood.....and then vacuum up these vegetables for some reason.'
[stacks cartoony two dead bodies on top of eachother] 'heh. you're doing it'
“I’m gonna try to do all my squirting in the bathroom”
'I believe in gender equality, women are capable of misogyny as much as men'
'YOU'RE PHOENIX WRONG, NOT PHOENIX WRIGHT!'
'She is an evil looking collarbone!!'
'Diarrhea'
[with all the anger in the world] 'WE GOTTA KILL THE KID'
'We're gonna be the pharmacy's best costumers after this'
'yeah, we're going to die from lack of first aid....'
'ohh yeah, i just dodged like a nuclear blast from the almighty!!'
'YYYYYYEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSS WE KILLED THE CHILD!!!!!!! SAY HI TO [redacted] YOU SUCKERRRR'
“if i had a wife, i would end the stream right now and go make out with her”
“i was paying attention! hold on let me… hmm i see.. see? that’s what someone who’s paying attention would say.”
“i wasn’t trying to be funny, your eminence….. it just comes naturally ;3”
“*sobs* ha. hah… doody .. *sobs* am i prepared to fulfill my .. ha. doody? *sobs”
“I don't like butts! butts is where the poop comes from”
 'Vital Leads? My Seances? Short Questions?' 
“that’s right! It’s Maya Fey brat summer!”
“i would do so much for a klondike bar..”
“if i had bonkers in my life, id be yippeeing all over the place”
“hehe, I know. aren’t I a scamp?”
“my brain sometimes does fart, and that fart had a little bit of poo in it”
“how many dogs did he do”
'Let's not dwell on war crimes past, let's look forward to war crimes future!'
'it's not a dead medic, its an deadic!'
'SHE'S A DISNEY PRINCESS' [the witness summoned a tiger, two birds, a deer and a squirrel]
'George Washington and his tiger, Sakura' [I will not offer context]
“does the green and blue bird kiss? oh no it’s just pecking their armpit”
“oops i popped open his chest there.. don’t look or you might see the inside of his chest”
 'i dont trust him. mainly cause he killed a guy'
'heterochromia save me!'
'I'm starting to think there's DANGER here!'
'this does not count as kicking by the way' [as a dog-human is getting executed] 
 “i don’t know what’s the face and what’s the butt on these so i don’t know what’s to sneak up on… this looks more like a butt, so let’s just sneak up here..”
 'I killed so many dogs.....will this make girls love me?' 
“Water… Keeping people alive since.. forever. Use a promo code ‘H2Ofosho’ at checkout.. For water..”
 'Dogs die easy.' Logan, Perpetuationg the stories of his crimes. 
 'Let's go to a funeral and kill a man!! As you do!!' 
“it just happens” - logan, referring to an orgy with phoenix wright 
'That's like Chevov's Human Corpse!' 
'yay! we saved the ladyyy!! in persona 5 we'd get exiled to a new town for doing that'
 “i bet she’s pregnant… she’s clutching her womb.. oh she was hit alright ;))” 
'STOP SHIPPING THEM MAYA! PHOENIX DOESN'T HAVE MANY OPTIONS!!' - about Maya Fey shipping a man that's not Phoenix with Edgeworth 
'
[Are you leaving so soon?] ''We are--have to run and murder my childhood friend!'' *runs off to do exactly that*'
“i do prefer the uncut version”
'He may look like a nobody, he'll be bad at his job and smell funny, like like, not really bad funny. Like, oh, he's got body odor. But just like a little off to make you go 'like what is that smell?' And he may be very lonely, and his hands are really sweaty. Like, he touches a doorknob before you, and its just his wet-AND he just looks weird. Like, how does his hair do that? But, BUT!! he's also out of shape. But he could also do some pretty amazing things!' [not about himself]
'
 ''the defendant might not be criminrary-- wuh- cribirarararary. responsiebrarary'''
'My reputation is still not good, but it is slightly better than otherwise would have been!!' [a fart joke was not clipped properly]
'Speaking of nothing, I have no segue....SPEAKING OF SEGUES!!'
A triangle just went into me! 
'So I guess we don't really need to kill that man...' (says as he sounded disappointed) 
'Did you see the way that I cowardly ran past those, those giant human bird people?? I mean, that..that takes bravery, and and, skill and determination, or something like that...'
 'I feel like I would never use this....But let's buy two of them anyway!' 
'See, looking at that is the face of an man who is not dead! Perfectly alive!! Perfectly alive!!' [after said man died in battle]
“no he’s trying to bone us!”
“man butt is not erotic, it’s just hilarious”
“are all 3 of us confused?? why did that happen??” - Logan, confused
'We killed a human! We took a human life!!'
'CHICKEN BUTT!!!'
'I objectify kickbutt men'
'I guess Scottish is not confined to one race'
'it leaves contrails somehow.. that turns the frogs GAY!'
'you know your dad is dead right now... right? he's no longer you daddy. he's you're dead-y'
'Half-naked lady sings nice!!'
'don't fall in love with him'
'Oh, we cannot click on the lady...I want to click the lady!!!'
'oh hes so peggable' -@oakdll claims it was said like that and not the pegabull lantern
'Basketball Banana Smoothie' - the classic catchphrase we all know and love of Logan's!
'He has an large satchel and a small butt!'
'I'm sorry your lymph nodes are not nodeing properly 😔'
'Was it society???' - not in a Joker voice
'I would do anything with a cute fairy'
'Cause then he was killed by gravity, not us!! We just have to indirectly murder!'
'Is he in love with the girl or the car?'
'Thank you for wearing clothes this time, lady!'
'I hate your game, you're not my dad!!'
'JUST HAVE YOUR BREAKDOWN AND LET IT BE HUMOROUS AND DELIGHTFUL!!!'
'Being married to another man is kind of a red flag'
'Look at the teddy bear!.... LOOK AT THE GIANT BOMB'
'Chat, I'm not your Daddy'
“you can’t break the honor system! that’s what separates us from the dolphins… that and opposable thumbs.” 
 'He does have giant pupils! I was just distracted by his gargantuan forehead!'
 'We have the power of gun violence! ...Yay!!!!' 
 “ORGY SUGAR!!!”
 'ohhhhh that button looks so juicy.....'
 'So i guess I got to tell the crew that we're dying!' - after causing said eventual death then instead of warning them he walked around the room 
'Now everything's red, now the button is less special...' - sad logan 
'Should I be worried?' - Logan every second in this game 
 'I mean what's an axe if not a knife for trees?' 
 'That's the axe he used to be married to.. call that an axe-wife!'
“i’m gonna vent in there! don’t think i’m a sussy baka or nothing.”
 'I promise, we'll get back to the game. ...Soon. ...Eventually.' - logan every stream possible
 'Maybe I should go talk to her, see if she's still sad about being an orphan!' - the ever so kind orphans bully
'NO! I still hate children, darn it!'
'As long as it's not strong, we're fine! ....It's a little strong. We're not fine!'
'His wife is his house'
'Why is the poo hurting me???' - this went on for 2 minutes
'Why didn't you tell me I could roll in poo???'
'at least I'm getting paid for my misery.'
 'we don't know how long they're going to be banging' 
 'a car washing is like a mouth washing but for your car' 
'I thought we could only use his mouth for funsies'
“Let me in!” [ A giant baby centipede comes flying out] 
''A horse centipede baby! it's like.. you know.. human centipede where you got the mouth stitched to the bum, it's that! but horses AND baby horses' [he said that with graphic hand gestures] 
 'that wasn't graphic hand gestures! (referring to the quote before it)' [immediately makes graphic hand gestures] 
'I'm sad that nobody died'
'THE POWER OF LIGHT COMPELS— nope nop no no' 
 'they are the ones who stick their finger in the hole' 
 'How does time? What am time?'
 'I'm a fruit bat! you get it..? fruit bat.....? ...I'm gay' 
  'Ohhh, i should've pickpocketed the fish!' 
 'Logan was never meant to finish, he was only meant to die.' @obsidian0602 
 'You wonder what cruel punishment awaits them....apparently it was forgiveness!'
 'Badonkers looks weird purple' 
 'I'm sorry, chat, that you were subjected to this very disgusting sight of a sweaty Wang...but we will get past it together.' 
'Bide my time, CRAP IM RUNNING OUT OF TIME!' 
 [Logan reading chat] 'Speaking of boobies... (covering his face exasperatedly) WHAT IS THIS SEGWAY!!' 
 'I'm not sure how democracy works' [it's never that serious Logan, its just a poll]
'I am not good at streaming' [after losing chat to the void....twice.]
 'I do not trust fuzzy hair man.'
 'I'm not hip to the younger stabby generation..' 
“if it makes you feel better, your opinion is wrong.”
 'Sometimes i forget how much my lungs crave sweet, sweet oxygen'
'I dont like it when it asks me obvious questions!!'
“it’s baby smashing time” (he’s fighting a boss baby)
'look at that gas coming out of there... baby needs a diaper change'
'Hey! No boo! Just a poo!'
 'Don't be upset!! All we did was kill your baby! Yeesh...' 
'She loves cows! You heard the lady!!'
'and its a DOG!!! with LIPSTICK!!!!' 
 'Is there a game where you woman?' 
 'YOU LOOK LIKE BROWN HAIR! YOU ARE BROWN HAIR!'
 'Regular people sound regular' 
 'He just doesn't care about bloody things.' [not the British way] 
'Are we gonna brain chess this guy???'
'i forgot to pee in this whoopsie' - Vero, according Queen Katie's caption
'It's this concept called being NOT racist!' - metaphor refantazio in an nutshell
 'You know what, this universe, in this game, is so racist, they probably hate erasers!' 
 'I should read the game' 
 'well, we did a hangout where were sparring then our sword broke. so that looked like our broken sword that we were showing to her? but I'm not really sure of the significance of..like... 'whipping it out' right there and then was.. that seemed a little odd to me' 
 'I'm being smug even tho I almost DIED!' *proceeds to grip his chest as if he had an heart attack* 
'High Five your boxing gloved hand!' 
 'I hope your boyfriends still love you now that you're worms'
 'Should i cook? I feel like I should never cook.'
 'Just in time! You stopped me from bungee jumping!!' 
'All these people are clones or they all shop at the same clothing store!!'
'My life is complete.' - logan moments before going into a hot tub with an fairy
'I obtained MAG from the bath and then administered CPR to the drowning Gallica!' - logan moments after taking an hot bath with an fairy
'Math is the easiest of all the maths!'
“my poop skills are amazing” (what the heck is the context in this, Logan?)
“he was very well endowed for a frog”
'Is the bat racist against other bats???'
 'i just assume you like to edge' 
'i pee on lots of monkeys' - oak 
 'I think you're nice!' *kisses a guy with an rook-shaped helmet) 
 “i have actual trauma” - katie “so have you guys seen that meme” - logan 
“i’ll experiment with him ;)”
'Cause that's not suspicious if we have a friend dressed like an assassin!'
'I thought the pigeon was headless. No, the pigeon's just dead.'
 'My head's in the wall!! Strohl, I don't think this is healthy of me.' [while actively running into a wall] 
 My dreams include that girl on the watch tower not pooping 
 “cmon! dish!!” [upon finding out half of chat got a valentines]
'most guys think about chests. but I think about chess'
'WHO HATES WOMEN? WHO HATES WOMEN- I say as I'm trying to push a girl into a toilet'
'1%, just like the milk I drink! Nora, drink your phone.'
'CRAP! She only loves me when it's sunny!'
'are we sure he doesn't have a brain... Issue?'
'Lawyers tend go adopt anyone they find... like Batman'
 “this is how i live let’s get naked” 
'I don't— I don't wanna do things that aren't my friends'
'the capitol of Italy is the Catholic Church'
“yay we’re gonna take pictures in a dirty tunnel it’s gonna look like a colonoscopy”
 “i have a friend”
'I probably compared lactose intolerance to yugi oh'
“i love a man’s boioioioioing”
'Hey!! I did a thing! Which might be good!'
'We're now generous! We're level three and everything!!'
'Her only problem is that she's tall'
'It's a bit of an overkill. but sometimes an overkill is the only kill'
'oh how big could this guy be?' [game fades in] 'OOHHHHHHHH HES BIG!!'
'if you have the chance to get naked, or Hang out with an old man, Hang out with the old man before getting naked'
“one of the few times i have turned someone on”
'I'M HAVING FUN PRESSING!!!!'
'I'm too short! I'm too short!'
'She has hair!' - the most obvious hint ever about Logan's P5 girlfriend
'Notice me, Neuras-Senpai!!'
'Oh, there's a poll??? I didn't know there was a poll. OH! There is a poll!'
'The rope is rope went to be rope where the rope was roping!'
'No offense to all you French people out there. I can't, I can't tell you apart. I'm pretty sure I'm looking at Bebe right now from Persona 3'
“if we’re lucky we might be able to wipe”
'We went from 26 to 26, thank you game for getting my hopes up.'
'my father's name is Gallica, are you my dad?!!'
'That would be just be ridiculous. Humans don't just, like, pop up out of nowhere!'
'I'M READING CHAT! I'LL KILL YOU IN A MINUTE, PURPLE!!'
'Every day we got to sleep, we got to eat, we got to pee on the plants!'
'if you're autistic that doesn't make you a necromancer'
'No babies will be born on our watch!!'
“four inches? but THAT MAN tells me that’s plenty!”
[my sources say they hail from, well well.... Virga island!] 'ahh! (looking away and nodding in silence for a bit) ..... a whole bunch of people who aren't good at dating....(lower lip twitching in a an awkward grimace)'
'I think having a dog around makes most things more fun!' - about an actual man
“we poop once a week”
'Chat, Always bake the cake BEFORE you put the stripper inside!!'
“you should not grab boobs”
'skill up! I'm so good at leaking water'
'we can't talk to a nice sweet innocent girl so we're gotta hoe it up here'
'She's still a monster! She is still an abomination of nature! It's so cute!!'
 'And then we will be able to smash---' [Logan never finishes this quote, let the game name tell you the rest of the context] 
[Is something the matter?] 'I SAW YOU AS A LITTLE GIRL!'
'I should just go to sleep, it's noon. My life is awful, I'm just going to go to bed.'
'Chat, how do I cook???'
'oh he's asleep... die'
“gumanggnnhhafhbyiohunnoohntgsoonggdshbjoo”
'It's not nudity, it's dudity!'
'Can I jump?' [the game won't let him throw himself off a bridge] 'awh.... I was hoping I can kill myself..' - Logan in the saddest tone I've ever heard
“she gave me her sweet buns. they are soothing to me”
'One you've never seen naked??' - about frame rates
'*giggles* Head.'
“i don’t know what noises you just made, that was kind of a turn off, but other than that it was great!”
'I wonder if David Bowie is here and I wonder how tight his pants go'
'There's something written on this stone monument, but it's so low res, I cannot tell!'
“i’m already a hero, i’ve got my own fruit! i don’t need another man’s fruit”
 'Can I have your bones in a jar when you die?'
'Chat.... I think Vero wants to eat me..'
'I'M READING CHAT! I'LL KILL YOU IN A MINUTE, PURPLE!!'
'You can Mukbang me chat!'
 'woah! it's the lil teeth dude, I love killing teeth!!!' 
'Yeah, we need to just lay into this guy here.'
'grass is earth's carpet'
'hey what time is it, tooth? it's tooth-HURTY! heh.. cuz you died!' [turns to the other tooth monster] 'hey! what time is it?.... i-it's still two thirty because it was less than a minute ago! nom'
'I'll be a better streamer if you don't devour my flesh'
'moral of the story though: never let a man ride you'
'I think we advance, and then we, we have to fight things, but I don't remember how.....So we're probably going to die.'
'Ash is just powdered meat.'
'Let's go kill something with Frank!'
'my sesks is dexy'
“it’s okay to suck at your first time”
'Have I accidentally yuri'd up the place?'
'Looking very well endowed...WITH A SENSE OF JUSTICE!!! ...and boobs.'
'i am not a light mode enjoyer' [Note from Logan: I meant to say, 'dark mode'!!!]
“i should play some more in the chat”
'Oh! when she says gaiety she does mean homosexuality. it's gonna be a gallery of candy, singing and [claps to emphasize] gay BANGING! just like all over the place.'
'chat, if you ever commit a murder or try to enact revenge on someone who comitted murder.....make sure you own a light blue tablecloth.'
'something that's been...veroing me.'
'Y'HEAR THAT?? being a nice person is better thannnn [stammering while thinking about something smart to say] GOONWORK!'
“stop gobbling up those balls hulkenberg, leave some for the rest of us”
'always be yourself because it's not like anyone else would want to be you anyways' - @Obsidian0602
'You can all have a little bit of my dead kid.'
“you can’t even shove a dilf in the middle of a person anymore”
“i don’t have plural b-holes. just the one :)”
“are we still in the bone zone”
“i keep the language clean. butt”
*chuckles* 'I have logic in my brain.'
'They just love killing biological fathers!'
“oh! poopy diaper”
'Hugh o Conner is an lesbian furry!!!'
'I saw dead people and got smart'
'Under the leg'
'how great the Vero is in Catherine Fullbody'
'PENNY, PENNY, PENNY, PENNY, PENNY HI, and then this guy. It looks like a cow.'
'less than 2 minutes into stream and we're already done with the first part' (it's been an hour and a half)
'I mean, legs ARE nice!'
'let the allegations allege themselves!'
[pushes someone off a building] 'ohh fiddlesticks. Butterfingers 😕'
'I think the average buttock can clear those armrests quite easily.'
'Would I be alluring if I was severe?'
 'I GUESS we can pay our respects to [redacted] as well...if you guys really want to!' 
'ah she's getting dizzy. she's having withdrawal symptoms for the lack of bugs'
'Okay, so we can't read, well. we CAN read, we just can't read right now.'
'I'm a dragon too.. rawrrrr'
'Use what little MP you have left girl!!'
“you’re gonna get a face full of my deuce”
“what if there’s an emergency and you need milf” - oak
'yum dilfs k' - Definitely Nora, trust
“i started fiddling with my roddy” - puzzles
“enjoy your orgy, little fuzzy guy!”
“i know, i couldn’t take credit for that hole. that was just a picture of a hole i found on the internet”
'ok use the toilet! I haven't... in months..'
'Let me just taste test basilio'
'Let's murder a man we've met several times!'
Katie's captions: 'Do it nurse! Explode him!'
'Blimey, look at all the holes in that mountain! [pronounced hoes] holllles not hoooess owwllss' [with exaggerated mouth movements] katie’s captions: “okay, blow me. look at all the hoes in that mountain hole”
'hey, hey. [nods head] make something warm, Portly man!' 'err.. uhm.. P-Portly man isn't.. my name.. er.. uh.. are you.. [offended yet confused face] is that what you call me in your head? .... my name's Frederick'
“i’m a fish”
'Well, you seem very troubled and sad and in need of a friend......... So I'm going to sleep with my fairy wife!'
“i have a very hairy butt. but i shave around it so i make shapes” (definitely by logan)
“Stan at you Lee night” - Puzzles
'I'm a hooker! that's a person who grabs hooks'
'He needs to stop being still alive!!!'
'I- I don't want to eat any dish with the word poison in the name and I don't think I'm wrong for that'
'We are gonna kill a beautiful man'
'HEY!! HEY!! WHAT'RE YOU DOING TALKING TO ME? I AM A *MINER*, DO NOT INITIATE'
'Whip her. Use that whip on a bad guy'
“get on discord and show me your toys!”
“no, i poo poo on that idea”
“you seem to know the details of the quase”
'Ladies don't come out of your butt!! ...But this guy might.'
“sorry we couldn’t watch my poop together. the clips just not coming out. i know you wanted to watch my poop come out”
“sometimes you see a 68 year old man with rock hard abdominals and you gotta know what this scenario tastes like”
[singsong-y] 'blood on the hand, booba on the shelf'
“so…. word.”
“i think we’re okay, as long as there’s no second phase… OH THERES A SECOND PHASE STARTING”
“i have yet to use them [Logan vaguely refers to... Deez Nuts] for something… but one day!” < Logan is free to edit this out to be the lyrics of dare to be stupid by weird al if he wants to delete it. if not just delete my note
'why would i bother learn math terms in other languages i barely tolerate it in mine' - @objectionablepuzzles
“WE GOT THE SWIFTIE VOTE YALL!!”
'I can feel Eupha's flow...... [awkward gulp] of MP'
“the head is not in the chest… the brain is not in the boob!”
'Oh, it's a body. That's why I didn't recognize a picture, the report is the corpse!'
'no fine upstanding citizen sounds like that. Logan only gives that voice to evil people' - @oakdll
“bullying is awful, but…” [goes on a whole rant]
'Not because I'm homophobic.... I'm just evil'
'Ohhh and my hand is on fire.'
'There's the hornhole' [pokes around the hornhole only for the story to progress] “now i’ll never have the opportunity to poke a horn hole”
“there is a steaming pile of help on the ground and she’s stepping in it”
“one of these days i’m gonna get preggers”
'don't mpreg logan, mpreg miles' - Vero
'I definitely heard 'impreg Nate, my wife' and was about to give the most confused congratulations' - @CastleLuminous
“have any of you guys ever pressed somebody”
'she ATE!... her fraternal twin Taylor'
“you can’t own a dog without breaking a few omelettes”
“oh, your anus! (highness)”
@QueenKatieBat's captions: im louise gibburn. i have really big epilepsy to make my shoulders look big
'I dont alcohol, my parents taught me its bad to alcohol and vehicle!'
“don’t let your new wife see the salmon, cause even dead they are sexy, SEXY fish”
'Oh that's right, they asked us questions!'
“is he your butt candy”
“it’s pregnant! the book is pregnant! and the baby is me! I'M A BOOK BABY!”
'Sup, penny?' - logan dressed up like a million dollars for a png sprite in a lawyer game
'your logan senpai notices you'
'Holy Crowd!'
'I miss when the word goons was socially acceptable'
'WE DON'T GET TO MINDCHESS HIM???'
'I don't drink, I drink chocolate milk.'
“last night, i came………….. HERE”
“the information comes out the butt, not up it”
'no more heterochromia! it's now homochromia'
'let's play some more in the chat'
'Hey, so good news. anyone in chat who suffers from social anxiety. That's how magic is born. You're a wizard!'
'How is he still doing that without legs???'
*panicking* “okay, gallica! you’ll handle the apples!”
'B-But...What about my blossoming friendship with mid cleaning youth?'
“if i got arrested for murder… WRONGFULLY.. obviously wrongfully …” -loganrobo, clearly guilty of murder
“i hope your boss doesn’t poop”
“i leave bigfoot”
“OUAGH HES STABBING ME! just because i walked in front of his pointy stick…?”
'I should console this man.....BUT SKATEBOARD!! pew pew!'
“i’m going to put on a hooters uniform and i’m going to be a waitress”
“i am very confused with everything that is happening right now with alonzo” - logan during every alonzo hangout
'*in mantys voice* “i’m a fella :)''
i will be a tyrant as well :)'
'Okay, apparently doing this..this weird compulsion of showing every piece of evidence has paid off!'
“yeah but was she saying grandma dog or grandma, dawggg!! *gesticulates in cool*”
“if there’s time after hanging out with our pink haired anime girl… we MIGHT get naked…”
“she wants our gamer boy bath water”
'I'm coming out........I'm royalty.'
“im definitely not going to drink his used bath water fluids… *groans*”
'if someone offered me $30,000 for a vial of my used gamer boy bathwater......I'd do it, yes, I would like $30,000.'
'How many more days do i have to bench with my girl?!'
“So I get to comb my hair and poop. That’s how you know it’s a good weekend”
'I'll be running around using him'
“we can’t poop though cause it’s not saturday”
“that’s the problem, murder is the gateway to inbreeding”
“gallica, no butts!”
“i got poop on the brain”
'you are a hand whore!'
'chat! i am not here to marry your moms! can you hook me up with your hot single aunt?'
'He didn't abandon the case, he was put into a case!'
'I just thought it'd be funny....I didnt think we would die!'
'Maybe he'd like to be a candy maker! There's apparently openings for that.'
“milk me, and drink it”
'This is why if you're ever a super villain, you should bring the goons over to the house for dinner to meet the family sometime!'
'I hate that I can't just like blindly flail at the chicken! That the chicken requires thought.'
'We're going to be generous with our stewed juices.'
“i’m sorry chat, i know you guys told me not to make that slurping sound when talking about babies re entering the womb… but it doesn’t happen THAT often!”
'I'll say it in green, thank you very much!'
“weedle, please. mr kicker was my father. call me puppy”
“i’m gonna do mommy where’s the milk cause if i was the mommy that’s what the little baby would say. the baby would go in to nurse and there would just be man chest. there’s a moob”
'But I'll do it myself, he's MY dog. I'll shoot him.' - a human dog
'It was sad but also like, the dying person took a long time to actually die.'
“let’s get naked! chat don’t look at my nips, okay? okay… fine chat, you can look at my nips if you REALLY want to.. while i’m bathing.. just don’t look down at my belly button”
“so it’s good still” - logan talking about children dying
“he has lots of milk in his sinuses”
'That's, that's the poo............it's mine.'
'There'd be some breeding going anyway'
'Look at all that he would have shed something in there!'
'Those are just different holes you have in your head'
'i dont want to die?' - logan, as if hes voicing a controversial opinion
'we just want to keep everybody topped off, is all'
'I mean, the good news is that while they're dead, they're no longer poisoned!'
'But first, we have to comb our hair' - after just saying the plans to slay a dragon
“i don’t even know what american football is”
'the devil from the bible is a sonic reference???'
'What if I wanted to be a bottom secret?'
'its gonna be so much goon action up in here!'
'I have never seen this many dudes!! Why are there so many dudes??? You don't need this many dudes!!!'
“i just want to talk about uncensored wieners!”
'Romantic Seed! Take my Seed!'
“hulkenberg is on the pill”
'Why is everybody in love with this thing???' - about a 'hot' dragon
'I can chop him up, that's not a crime!'
“you smack them with your balls and then you’re friends!”
'Let's give your royal knight some food.'
“poop isn’t quite as scary as giant ear shaped monsters… alright, rolling in the poop cause that is faster”
'You can't smash fire.'
“biboobxual? that’s when you’re attracted to both the left and right boob”
“send me feet pics”
“you’re a little guy, anyone in chat could probably kidnap you”
“i love my cat! aahhh!”
'I'm Roger. I'm the most important character in this entire game' - said by a character who we barely saw, apparently.
“i deserve candy :)”
'an orphan probably popped or something'
“mario got mpreg”
'when its time for the goons, its goon time!'
“this court finds you gay! gavel slam.”
'I am beard-blind.'
'thats like, optimal orphanage age'
'okay, he would've been a 20 year old orphan.
'not that i would have a bunch of discord kittens, i would just have one'
'If what he told us is true, then what he told us is correct.'
'Speaking of crotches, let's see what's going on with our naked dog friend!'
'I should pay more attention to numbers' - says the math man himself
'I hope it's something adorable. Either there's something adorable or like....a GUN!' - about a lil orphan girl's gift
'does chat want to pick who we do next?'
“do we need to go back in the bathtub and make it happen ? :)”
'Sometimes, overkill is the only kill, so let's overkill this guy.'
'We found what makes him different, he's not a mammal! He cannot give milk!'
'SAVE ME LITERACY!'
“chat, am i a goth femboy?”
'YOU GUYS DO NOT GET HAND TOSSED PIZZA! YOU DO NOT KNOW HOW TO GET THAT!'
'this game has taught me how to be very racist'
'oh and all the wings are white now! and they all have different colored eyes. this is like SUPER heterochromia'
[Behold! I walk a royal path!] Logan (astonished): 'I walkahah a royal path'? haha, good for youhoho
'can you be a bro for once in your dingdongding life?'
“awww yeah! you’re gonna get male pregnant heismay!”
'ohhh it's so much more beautiful when i don't have heterochromia' 
'OHHH MY GHOST IS OLD NOW. THIS IS AWFUL! I DONT WANT TO BE OLD FOR ALL ETERNITY!'
'So I guess the two messages of this game are: 1. Turn your anxiety into strength. and 2. Don't Be Racist. I am a building.'
'This is where they need to clap---OH, thank you, one lady.'
'hes been reinstated as AAAOUUUGHGHH!'
'Didn't find Jack Squiddly Doodly!'
'Hey, Hulkenberg! Maybe I LIKE being hoy'd!'
'that must be when vero announced the pregnacy' - Logan wording it wrong (it's about Vero's pregnant cat)'
“sometimes you just get addicted to mpreg”
'Well yknow what? sometimes people- get-. i-it's like gacha games! when you get addicted? some people get addicted to mpreg and it's like 'you know what? w-w-we gonna have babies from one person? we gotta keep 'em coming from others' '
“i love santa… i love santa platonically, not carnally” - logan, clearly lying 
“but what is OwO ?!”
“there are probably people who heard me say that and are now pregnant because of it” 
'You don't like seeing a man play with a knob? A lil bit on stream? What's wrong with that?'
'We're gonna go out there on the couch, we're gonna have specs on the couch, specs on the kitchen table, maybe even specs in our bed!'
'that is a whole harem.'
'you got a big hole, buddy.'
“too late, my tushy was twisted way before i started streaming tonight”
'I don't think I'd want to date this lady, she has terrible taste in television.'
[but they might swallow you whole] 'DONT SWALLOW MY HOLE!!'